sponsorship.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Sponsorship - RailsBridge Cape Town
---

[RailsBridge Cape Town](http://railsbridgecapetown.org/) is the local chapter of [RailsBridge](http://railsbridge.org/). We've been running free workshops helping people learn Rails, Ruby, HTML, and CSS [since July 2013](https://railsbridgecapetown.org/#past-events). The workshops are targeted at groups of people that are underrepresented in tech; we want to help increase diversity in tech, to help all people feel welcome and comfortable in our industry.

We've had a total of 16 workshops (at offices, at the Bandwidth Barn in Woodstock, and at the University of Cape Town) and have had over 200 attendees. Our [meetup group](http://www.meetup.com/RailsBridge-Cape-Town/members/), which we've been using to track attendance since April 2014, has over 350 members.

For each workshop, we aim for between 20 and 30 people. We try and keep the number around there so that we can have a good balance of mentors to attendees. We're expecting slightly more for our July workshop since it's a RailsBridge birthday celebration (their 10th and our 3rd).

All of the course material is open source and online at [docs.railsbridgecapetown.org](https://docs.railsbridgecapetown.org/docs/) so that students can continue with the workshop material (and other [resources](https://railsbridgecapetown.org/resources.html)) after they leave. People that do the [Intro to Rails course](https://docs.railsbridgecapetown.org/intro-to-rails/) also get guided through installing Ruby and Rails (and Git and the Heroku toolbelt and Atom) onto their machine so that they have those after the workshop too.

RailsBridge is mostly US-based, so they have a [donate-via-PayPal option](http://railsbridge.org/help/donate). There's quite a detailed [Donor FAQ](http://railsbridge.org/help/donor-faq). We are still quite informal, so we tend to just ask for sponsorships each time to cover costs like food and drink, and for stationery supplies and loot (like stickers and things) when we can.  Getting sponsorship is one of our biggest challenges for each workshop.

If you'd like to sponsor a RailsBridge, [please let us know](mailto:hello@railsbridgecapetown.org?subject=Sponsorship)!

Commit message:

Move numbers to a data file, update them

sponsorship.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Sponsorship - RailsBridge Cape Town
---

[RailsBridge Cape Town](http://railsbridgecapetown.org/) is the local chapter of [RailsBridge](http://railsbridge.org/). We've been running free workshops helping people learn Rails, Ruby, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript [since {{ site.data.stats.since }}](https://railsbridgecapetown.org/#past-events). The workshops are targeted at **groups of people that are underrepresented in tech**; we want to help increase diversity in tech, to help all people feel welcome and comfortable in our industry.

We've had a total of {{ site.data.stats.workshops }} workshops (at various offices, at the Bandwidth Barn in Woodstock, and at the University of Cape Town) and have had over {{ site.data.stats.peopleish }} attendees. Our [meetup group](http://www.meetup.com/RailsBridge-Cape-Town/members/), which we've been using to track attendance since April 2014, has over {{ site.data.stats.meetupmembers }} members. For each workshop, we aim for between 20 and 30 people. We try and keep the number around there so that we can have a good balance of mentors to attendees. 

All of the course material is open source and online at [docs.railsbridgecapetown.org](https://docs.railsbridgecapetown.org/docs/) so that students can continue with the workshop material (and other [resources](https://railsbridgecapetown.org/resources.html)) after they leave. People that do the [Intro to Rails course](https://docs.railsbridgecapetown.org/intro-to-rails/) also get guided through installing Ruby and Rails (and Git and the Heroku toolbelt and Atom) onto their machine so that they have those after the workshop too.

RailsBridge is mostly US-based, so they have a [donate-via-PayPal option](http://railsbridge.org/help/donate). There's quite a detailed [Donor FAQ](http://railsbridge.org/help/donor-faq). We are still quite informal, so we tend to just ask for sponsorships each time to cover costs like food and drink, and for stationery supplies and loot (like stickers and things) when we can.  Getting sponsorship is one of our biggest challenges for each workshop.

If you'd like to sponsor a RailsBridge, [please let us know](mailto:hello@railsbridgecapetown.org?subject=Sponsorship)!
